                      GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                         Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Copyright (C) [year]  [fullname]
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                           Preamble

  The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.  The licenses for most software
are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it.  By
contrast, our license is intended to guarantee your freedom to share
and change all versions of a programâ€”to make sure it remains free
software for all its users.  We, the authors of this program, give
you this license so you can share our work with your friends and
neighbors and change it to suit your needs.

  To make this possible, everyone is granted certain rights
provided that everyone is similarly obligated not to restrict the
rights of others.  For example, if you distribute copies of such a
program, whether gratis or for a fee, you must pass on to the
recipients the same freedoms that you received.  You must make sure
that they, too, receive or can get the source code.  And you must
show them these terms so they know their rights.

  Developers that use the GNU GPL protect your rights with two
steps: (1) assert your right to make changes to the program, and
(2) protect your rights by insisting that everyone else does the
same.

  Hence, you need to make sure that everyone else also gets to
enjoy these freedoms.  This means you need to attach the same
license to your copies of the program, so everyone else also has
these freedoms.  And you need to keep intact all notices that
refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty.  If your
version of the program is less than or equal to the GPL, you may
not impose any further restrictions on the rights granted by the
License.  Therefore, the only way to avoid future complications is
to stick with the License for your modified versions.

  Finally, any public code you develop will be made available to
everyone so that others can also benefit from your work.  With that
freedom comes responsibility, and you will want to think
carefully about the impact of your contributions.

  This is why we have included this simple, user-friendly license
template for your convenience.

                       TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  0. Definitions.

   This License refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public
License.  The "Program" refers to any copyrightable work
licensed under this License.  Each licensee is addressed as "you".
"The source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work
for making modifications to it.  "Object code" means any
non-source form of a work.  A "Library" means a collection of
software functions and/or data prepared so as to be used in
combination with a Program, or with a variation thereof, or
separately.  "Accompanying" means that you accompany the work
with the full license that gives rights to the work. 

  1. Source Code.

   The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work
for making modifications to it.  A "Library" means a collection of
software functions and/or data prepared so as to be used in
combination with a Program, or with a variation thereof, or
separately. 

  2. Basic Permissions.

   You are permitted to copy, distribute, and modify the Program as
long as you respect the following conditions:

   1. You may use, copy, modify, and distribute copies of the
      Program without restrictions, as long as you pass on the
      same freedoms you received and make the source code
      available to your users.

   2. You must include a copy of this license with every copy of
      the Program that you distribute, so that every recipient of
      the Program also gets the same freedoms.

   3. If you modify the Program and distribute it, you must
      license your modified version under this License.

   4. You must keep intact all notices that refer to this License
      and to the absence of any warranty.

   5. You may not impose any further restrictions on the rights
      granted by the License.

   6. You must not remove or alter any license notices in any
      copies of the Program that you distribute.

   7. This License does not grant you permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the
      Licensor.

  3. Copyleft.

   In addition to the permissions granted under Section 2, you may
also distribute copies of the Program as a whole, provided that you
keep all license notices intact, and include a copy of this license
with every copy.

  4. Warranty Disclaimer.

   There is no warranty for the Program, and the authors are not
liable for any damages arising from its use. 

  5. Limitation of Liability.

   In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for
any claim, damages, or other liability, whether in an action of
contract, tort, or otherwise, arising from, out of, or in
connection with the Program or the use or other dealings in the
Program.

  6. Acceptance.

   By using, copying, modifying, or distributing the Program, you
indicate your acceptance of this License.

  7. No Warranty.

   The Program is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and
non-infringement. 

  8. Future Versions.

   The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
versions of the GNU General Public License from time to time.
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version
but may differ in detail. You can obtain the latest version of the
GPL from <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

  9. Compatibility.

   This License is intended to be compatible with other open-source
licenses. You are allowed to combine the Program with other works
as long as you comply with the terms of this License.

  10. Acceptance of License.

   You accept this license when you use, copy, modify, or
distribute the Program.

This is the GNU General Public License version 3.0.
